doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders: update about Mcuboot's LOAD_ADDRESS_CHECK (#29857)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/mcuboot_image_compression.rst

The system includes the following features and limitation:

* Allows slot ``1`` to be approximately 70% the size of slot ``0``.
* Supports single-image mode.
  It can be used experimentally for network core updates on the nRF5340 SoC or :ref:`bootloader` updates, with the requirement that:

    * The active instance of MCUboot must use image matching based on explicit image address (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CHECK_HEADER_LOAD_ADDRESS=y`)

>       or vendor and class UUID-based matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can be used experimentally for network core updates on the nRF5340 SoC or :ref:`bootloader` updates, provided that the active instance of MCUboot uses image matching based on explicit image address (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CHECK_HEADER_LOAD_ADDRESS=y`) or vendor and class UUID-based matching.
```

* Does not support reverting to previous versions.
  MCUboot must be configured for upgrade-only mode.

> * Validates the compressed image during the update process before the main image is erased, ensuring the update does not lead to a bricked module due to un-loadable firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Validates the compressed image during the update process before the main image is erased, ensuring the update does not lead to a bricked module due to unloadable firmware.
```

The system includes the following features and limitation:

* Allows slot ``1`` to be approximately 70% the size of slot ``0``.
* Supports single-image mode.
  It can be used experimentally for network core updates on the nRF5340 SoC or :ref:`bootloader` updates, with the requirement that:

>     * The active instance of MCUboot must use image matching based on explicit image address (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CHECK_HEADER_LOAD_ADDRESS=y`).

Reviewer 2: Just wandering (here and inside encryption): will not it work with the UUIDs enabled as well?
